src/content/docs/getting-started/logging-in.mdx, before:

---
title: Logging into COMET
description: A guide on logging into COMET's web and mobile applications
lastUpdated: true
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import loginSettings from '@assets/logging-in/login-settings.webp';
import userSettings from '@assets/logging-in/user-settings.webp';
import themeSettings from '@assets/logging-in/theme-settings.webp';

If you received an email with a user login to COMET, you are now a user in the system. This is just a quick guide to get you logged in.

## Log into the web application

Visit [Canada Soccer's COMET platform](https://comet.canadasoccer.com/) to login with the username and password generated in your email.

### Change your password

Once you're in, click on your profile in the top right corner, and click on settings to take you to the section to update your password.

<Image
  src={loginSettings}
  alt='A screenshot of the popup when you click on your profile in the top right of the screen. A red box highlights the settings option.'
/>

This will open a "User settings" modal where you can request a password update from what was automatically generated for you.

<Image
  src={userSettings}
  alt='A screenshot of the User Settings modal in COMET. There is a red button that says "Request password update"'
/>

### Change the colour theme of COMET (optional)

If you'd like, you can change the colour scheme of COMET by clicking on the gear icon on the right side. It will open up a sidebar on the right side where you can select a different colour under light or dark themes.

You can also change menu modes in this sidebar. The "Overlay" mode will hide the left sidebar behind a menu button in the top left. "Static" mode will keep the main sidebar always on the page.

<Image
  src={themeSettings}
  alt='The theme settings menu in COMET opened by clicking on the gear icon. A variety of colours can be chosen, along with light and dark themes. There are radio buttons allowing you to select between static and overlay menu mode.'
/>

All screenshots for the rest of the guides will use a dark theme, but you can choose whichever theme you would like.

## Log into the COMET Football mobile application

:::note

We're still working on updating the documentation, and something will be here shortly!

:::

Commit message:

Write content for mobile login (#7)

src/content/docs/getting-started/logging-in.mdx, after:

---
title: Logging into COMET
description: A guide on logging into COMET's web and mobile applications
lastUpdated: true
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import loginSettings from '@assets/logging-in/login-settings.webp';
import userSettings from '@assets/logging-in/user-settings.webp';
import themeSettings from '@assets/logging-in/theme-settings.webp';

If you received an email with a user login to COMET, you are now a user in the system. This is just a quick guide to get you logged in.

## Log into the web application

Visit [Canada Soccer's COMET platform](https://comet.canadasoccer.com/) to login with the username and password provided in your email.

### Change your password

Once you're in, click on your profile in the top right corner, and click on settings to take you to the section to update your password.

<Image
  src={loginSettings}
  alt='A screenshot of the popup when you click on your profile in the top right of the screen. A red box highlights the settings option.'
/>

This will open a "User settings" modal where you can request a password update from what was automatically generated for you.

<Image
  src={userSettings}
  alt='A screenshot of the User Settings modal in COMET. There is a red button that says "Request password update"'
/>

### Change the colour theme of COMET (optional)

If you'd like, you can change the colour scheme of COMET by clicking on the gear icon on the right side. It will open up a sidebar on the right side where you can select a different colour under light or dark themes.

You can also change menu modes in this sidebar. The "Overlay" mode will hide the left sidebar behind a menu button in the top left. "Static" mode will keep the main sidebar always on the page.

<Image
  src={themeSettings}
  alt='The theme settings menu in COMET opened by clicking on the gear icon. A variety of colours can be chosen, along with light and dark themes. There are radio buttons allowing you to select between static and overlay menu mode.'
/>

All screenshots for the rest of the guides will use a dark theme, but you can choose whichever theme you would like.

## Log into the COMET Football mobile application

Download and install the COMET Football application from either the [iOS app store](https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/comet-football/id1568506776) for Apple devices, or [Google Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.analyticom.newCometMobile&hl=en_CA&gl=US) for Android devices.

When you run the application, a login screen will appear. Scroll through the federations at the top until you are on CSA with the Canada Soccer logo. Make sure "PROD" is selected and highlighted in blue instead of "DEMO". Then, you can log in with your username and password provided in your email.

import mobileLogin from '@assets/logging-in/mobile-login.png';

<Image
  src={mobileLogin}
  alt='The mobile login screen for COMET Football. CSA is the selected federation, "PROD" is selected and highlighted in blue instead of "DEMO", and there is a form to log in with your username and password.'
/>
