src/content/docs/registrations/players.mdx, before:

---
title: Registering players
description: A guide on registering players in COMET through the web application
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import searchSidebar from '@assets/registrations/players/search-sidebar.webp';
import searchPlayer from '@assets/registrations/players/search-player.webp';
import searchActiveRegistrations from '@assets/registrations/players/search-active-registrations.webp';
import searchResults from '@assets/registrations/players/search-results.webp';
import firstRegistration from '@assets/registrations/players/first-registration.webp';
import playerRegistrationLeft from '@assets/registrations/players/player-registration-left.webp';
import playerRegistrationRight from '@assets/registrations/players/player-registration-right.webp';
import playerActiveRegistrations from '@assets/registrations/players/player-active-registrations.webp';

In this guide, we will cover searching for players within COMET, and registering both existing and new COMET players to your club.

:::note

Player registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a player is already in COMET

To maintain player history and prevent duplicates of the same player, we start by searching for the player.

### Finding the search console

Click on the **Players** tab in the left sidebar to open a list of more options, and click on **Search Players** to open up the console on another page as highlighted in the red box of the image below.

<Image
  src={searchSidebar}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the COMET web application. A red box highlights the sidebar where the Players tab and Search Players console resides.'
/>

### Using the search form

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a player. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

<Image
  src={searchPlayer}
  alt='The form to search for players within COMET. Red boxes highlight key form fields: Family Name, First Name, and Date of Birth'
/>

:::tip

If a player has accented characters in their name, try searching with and without them when using name search.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" to leave those fields because those would limit to your search to only within that governing body or club (for example, you would use that to only search for players with registrations in Ontario Soccer).

Make sure to also uncheck any of the status checkboxes (**Entered** and **Confirmed** might be checked by default).

<Image
  src={searchActiveRegistrations}
  alt='The active registrations section to search for players within COMET. A red box on top highlights the registration status where all checkboxes should be unchecked. A red box on the bottom highlights form fields for Organisation and Club which should also be left blank.'
/>

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 players per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

<Image
  src={searchResults}
  alt='The search results after searching for a player within COMET. A red box highlights the fields where you can narrow your search further: ID, Name, Date of Birth, and Club'
/>

If the player you're looking to register comes up in your search results, skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET players](#the-searched-player-is-already-in-comet). Otherwise, continue on to register a new player to COMET and your club.

## Register a player to your club

After searching whether a player exists in COMET or not, you can move on to registering the player.

### The searched player is not in COMET

If a player isn't in COMET, you'll be registering them into the system for the first time. Click on **First registration** under the Players tab in the left sidebar.

<Image
  src={firstRegistration}
  alt='The left navigation bar in COMET. A red box highlights the "First registration" button.'
/>

A form will open up where you can enter your player's information. Any form fields with red labels are mandatory, while the rest are optional.

<Image
  src={playerRegistrationLeft}
  alt='The first half of the player registration form.'
/>

<Image
  src={playerRegistrationRight}
  alt='The second half of the player registration form.'
/>

:::tip

- For **National ID**, put the player identification ID from your governing body (for Ontario Soccer, that is their SEOS number?). (possibly change this)
- Enter full names in the **Family** and **First Name** fields, but enter the player's preferred name under **Common Name**. For example, the common name of David Wayne Hoilett Jr. is **Junior Hoilett**.
- **Passport #** is required by Canada Soccer, but we understand that not everyone will have a passport. Use something like a driver's licence or health card, and include an acronym in front of the number (something like `DL1234567890` for a driver's licence).
- This will be the best time to include a player's headshot. Click on **Choose image** to upload a photo per your league's specifications in the manual.

:::

Before you save, you will also need to fill out the active registrations section at the bottom.

<Image
  src={playerActiveRegistrations}
  alt='The active registrations form when adding a player to a club on COMET.'
/>

:::tip

- If your club isn't automatically in the field, use the magnifying glass button to search for your club.
- Ensure that the **organisation** is also your club's governing body (Alberta Soccer, BC Soccer, or Ontario Soccer).
- Ensure that the discipline is **football** and not anything else.
- Registration type in this case should be **First Registration**.
- Enter the current date in the **Date From** field (if this changes we will let you know).

:::

Once you have successfully saved and submitted the player, wait for approval from the league to confirm the registration. After that, you player will be available in your competitions.

### The searched player is already in COMET

:::note

We're still working on updating the documentation, and something will be here shortly!

:::

Commit message:

Terminate registration (#5)
* Write outline for terminating registrations

* Write outline for registering existing players and coaches

* Write content for registration termination

* Clean registration and uniform pages to remove comments

* Write content for registering existing players

* Write content for registering existing staff

src/content/docs/registrations/players.mdx, after:

---
title: Registering players
description: A guide on registering players in COMET through the web application
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import searchSidebar from '@assets/registrations/players/search-sidebar.webp';
import searchPlayer from '@assets/registrations/players/search-player.webp';
import searchActiveRegistrations from '@assets/registrations/players/search-active-registrations.webp';
import searchResults from '@assets/registrations/players/search-results.webp';
import firstRegistration from '@assets/registrations/players/first-registration.webp';
import playerRegistrationLeft from '@assets/registrations/players/player-registration-left.webp';
import playerRegistrationRight from '@assets/registrations/players/player-registration-right.webp';
import playerActiveRegistrations from '@assets/registrations/players/player-active-registrations.webp';

In this guide, we will cover searching for players within COMET, and registering both existing and new COMET players to your club.

:::note

Player registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a player is already in COMET

To maintain player history and prevent duplicates of the same player, we start by searching for the player.

### Finding the search console

Click on the **Players** tab in the left sidebar to open a list of more options, and click on **Search Players** to open up the console on another page as highlighted in the red box of the image below.

<Image
  src={searchSidebar}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the COMET web application. A red box highlights the sidebar where the Players tab and Search Players console resides.'
/>

### Using the search form

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a player. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

<Image
  src={searchPlayer}
  alt='The form to search for players within COMET. Red boxes highlight key form fields: Family Name, First Name, and Date of Birth'
/>

:::tip

If a player has accented characters in their name, try searching with and without them when using name search.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" to leave those fields because those would limit to your search to only within that governing body or club (for example, you would use that to only search for players with registrations in Ontario Soccer).

Make sure to also uncheck any of the status checkboxes (**Entered** and **Confirmed** might be checked by default).

<Image
  src={searchActiveRegistrations}
  alt='The active registrations section to search for players within COMET. A red box on top highlights the registration status where all checkboxes should be unchecked. A red box on the bottom highlights form fields for Organisation and Club which should also be left blank.'
/>

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 players per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

<Image
  src={searchResults}
  alt='The search results after searching for a player within COMET. A red box highlights the fields where you can narrow your search further: ID, Name, Date of Birth, and Club'
/>

If the player you're looking to register comes up in your search results, click on their name to go to their person page, and skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET players](#the-searched-player-is-already-in-comet). Otherwise, continue on to register a new player to COMET and your club.

## Register a player to your club

After searching whether a player exists in COMET or not, you can move on to registering the player.

### The searched player is not in COMET

If a player isn't in COMET, you'll be registering them into the system for the first time. Click on **First registration** under the Players tab in the left sidebar.

<Image
  src={firstRegistration}
  alt='The left navigation bar in COMET. A red box highlights the "First registration" button.'
/>

A form will open up where you can enter your player's information. Any form fields with red labels are mandatory, while the rest are optional.

<Image
  src={playerRegistrationLeft}
  alt='The first half of the player registration form.'
/>

<Image
  src={playerRegistrationRight}
  alt='The second half of the player registration form.'
/>

:::tip

- For **National ID**, put the player identification ID from your governing body (for Ontario Soccer, this is their SEOS number).
- Enter full names in the **Family** and **First Name** fields, but enter the player's preferred name under **Common Name**. For example, the common name of David Wayne Hoilett Jr. is **Junior Hoilett**.
- **Passport #** is required by Canada Soccer, but we understand that not everyone will have a passport. Use something like a driver's licence or health card, and include an acronym in front of the number (something like `DL1234567890` for a driver's licence).
- This will be the best time to include a player's headshot. Click on **Choose image** to upload a photo per your league's specifications in the manual.

:::

Before you save, you will also need to fill out the active registrations section at the bottom.

<Image
  src={playerActiveRegistrations}
  alt='The active registrations form when adding a player to a club on COMET.'
/>

:::tip

- If your club isn't automatically in the field, use the magnifying glass button to search for your club.
- Ensure that the **organisation** is also your club's governing body (Alberta Soccer, BC Soccer, or Ontario Soccer).
- Ensure that the discipline is **football** and not anything else.
- Registration type in this case should be **First Registration**.
- Enter the current date in the **Date From** field (if this changes we will let you know).

:::

Once you have successfully saved and submitted the player, wait for approval from the league to confirm the registration. After that, you player will be available in your competitions.

### The searched player is already in COMET

If the player you searched for is already in the COMET system, you can click on their name to go to their person page. Under active registrations, click on **New Registration**.

import newRegistrationExisting from '@assets/registrations/players/new-registration-existing.webp';

<Image
  src={newRegistrationExisting}
  alt='The active registrations section of a person page, with a red box highlighting the button that says New Registration'
/>

:::note

Even if a player doesn't currently have an active registration, you will still find the button in this section.

:::

In the new registration page, ensure that the club listed in the form is your club, the discipline is **Football**, the registration type is **Registration** and the **Date from** is the current date. After you are done, click on **Save** to submit the registration.

If the player already had an existing active registration, this will initiate the transfer process. Wait for approval from the governing body, and then the player should be available for competitions.
