src/content/docs/registrations/team-officials.mdx, before:

---
title: Registering team officials
description: A guide on registering team officials in COMET through the web application
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import searchCoachesSidebar from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-sidebar.webp';
import searchCoachesForm from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-form.webp';
import searchCoachesActiveRegs from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-active-regs.webp';
import searchCoachesResults from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-results.webp';
import newCoachRegistration from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-registration-coach.webp';
import newCoachFormLeft from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-form.webp';
import newCoachFormRight from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-form-right.webp';
import newCoachActiveRegs from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-active-regs.webp';

In this guide, we will cover searching for team officials (such as coaches or athletic therapists) within COMET, and registering both existing and new COMET team officials to your club.

:::note

Team official registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a team official is already in COMET

To maintain a clear history of team officials and to prevent duplicates of the same team official, we start by seaching for them.

### Finding the search console

Click on the **Coaches and Staff** tab in the left sidebar to open a list of options.

Click on **Search coaches** to open up the console on another page. This would include roles such as **Head Coach**, **Assistant Coach**, **Goalkeeper Coach**, **Physical Trainer**, and **Athletic Trainer**.

For other staff roles such as **Doctor**, **Physiotherapist**, and **Equpiment Manager**, click on **Search club staff** instead.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesSidebar}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the COMET web application. The first red box from the top highlights the sidebar where the Coaches and Staff tab resides, along with the Search Coaches console. The second red box below highlights the option to search for club staff.'
/>

### Using the search form

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a coach or staff member. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesForm}
  alt='The form to search for coaches within COMET. Red boxes highlight key form fields: Family Name, First Name, and Date of Birth'
/>

:::tip

If a coach or staff member has accented characters in their name, try searching with and without them when using name search.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" to leave those fields because those would limit to your search to only within that governing body or club (for example, you would use that to only search for team officials with registrations in Ontario Soccer).

Make sure to also uncheck any of the status checkboxes (**Entered** and **Confirmed** might be checked by default).

<Image
  src={searchCoachesActiveRegs}
  alt='The active registrations section to search for coaches or club staff within COMET. A red box on top highlights the registration status where all checkboxes should be unchecked. A red box on the bottom highlights form fields for Organisation and Club which should also be left blank.'
/>

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 entries per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesResults}
  alt='The search results after searching for a coach or staff member within COMET. A red box highlights the fields where you can narrow your search further: ID, Name, Date of Birth, and Club'
/>

If the coach or staff member you're looking to register comes up in your search results, skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET club officials](#the-searched-club-official-is-already-in-comet). Otherwise continue on to register a new official to COMET and your club.

## Register an official to your club

After searching whether a team official exists in COMET or not, you can move on to registering them.

### The searched club official is not in COMET

If a club official isn't in COMET, you'll be registering them into the system for the first time. Under the **Coaches and Staff** tab, click on **New coach** or **New club staff**, depending on who you are registering, in the left sidebar.

<Image
  src={newCoachRegistration}
  alt='The left navigation bar in COMET. Two red boxes highlight the buttons to create a new coach or new club staff member'
/>

A form will open up where you can enter your club official's information. Any form fields with red labels are mandatory, while the rest are optional.

<Image
  src={newCoachFormLeft}
  alt='The first half of the coach registration form'
/>

<Image
  src={newCoachFormRight}
  alt='The second half of the coach registration form'
/>

:::tip

- For **National ID**, put the player identification ID from your governing body (for Ontario Soccer, that is their SEOS number?). (possibly change this)
- Enter full names in the **Family** and **First Name** fields, but enter the club official's preferred name under **Common Name**. For example, the common name of David Wayne Hoilett Jr. is **Junior Hoilett**.
- **Passport #** is required by Canada Soccer, but we understand that not everyone will have a passport. Use something like a driver's licence or health card, and include an acronym in front of the number (something like `DL1234567890` for a driver's licence).
- This will be the best time to include a coach or club official's headshot. Click on **Choose image** to upload a photo per your league's specifications in the manual. (check if headshots are mandatory for club officials)

:::

Before you save, you will also need to fill out the active registrations section at the bottom.

<Image
  src={newCoachActiveRegs}
  alt='The active registrations form when adding a new club official to a club on COMET.'
/>

:::tip

- If your club isn't automatically in the field, use the magnifying glass button to search for your club.
- Ensure that the **organisation** is also your club's governing body (Alberta Soccer, BC Soccer, or Ontario Soccer).
- Ensure that the discipline is **football** and not anything else.
- Enter the current date in the **Date From** field (if this changes we will let you know).

:::

Once you have successfully saved and submitted the club official, wait for approval from the league to confirm the registration. After that, you club official will be available in your competitions.

### The searched club-official is already in COMET

:::note

We're still working on updating the documentation, and something will be here shortly!

:::

Commit message:

Terminate registration (#5)
* Write outline for terminating registrations

* Write outline for registering existing players and coaches

* Write content for registration termination

* Clean registration and uniform pages to remove comments

* Write content for registering existing players

* Write content for registering existing staff

src/content/docs/registrations/team-officials.mdx, after:

---
title: Registering team officials
description: A guide on registering team officials in COMET through the web application
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import searchCoachesSidebar from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-sidebar.webp';
import searchCoachesForm from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-form.webp';
import searchCoachesActiveRegs from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-active-regs.webp';
import searchCoachesResults from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/search-coaches-results.webp';
import newCoachRegistration from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-registration-coach.webp';
import newCoachFormLeft from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-form.webp';
import newCoachFormRight from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-form-right.webp';
import newCoachActiveRegs from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-coach-active-regs.webp';

In this guide, we will cover searching for team officials (such as coaches or athletic therapists) within COMET, and registering both existing and new COMET team officials to your club.

:::note

Team official registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a team official is already in COMET

To maintain a clear history of team officials and to prevent duplicates of the same team official, we start by seaching for them.

### Finding the search console

Click on the **Coaches and Staff** tab in the left sidebar to open a list of options.

Click on **Search coaches** to open up the console on another page. This would include roles such as **Head Coach**, **Assistant Coach**, **Goalkeeper Coach**, **Physical Trainer**, and **Athletic Trainer**.

For other staff roles such as **Doctor**, **Physiotherapist**, and **Equpiment Manager**, click on **Search club staff** instead.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesSidebar}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the COMET web application. The first red box from the top highlights the sidebar where the Coaches and Staff tab resides, along with the Search Coaches console. The second red box below highlights the option to search for club staff.'
/>

### Using the search form

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a coach or staff member. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesForm}
  alt='The form to search for coaches within COMET. Red boxes highlight key form fields: Family Name, First Name, and Date of Birth'
/>

:::tip

If a coach or staff member has accented characters in their name, try searching with and without them when using name search.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" to leave those fields because those would limit to your search to only within that governing body or club (for example, you would use that to only search for team officials with registrations in Ontario Soccer).

Make sure to also uncheck any of the status checkboxes (**Entered** and **Confirmed** might be checked by default).

<Image
  src={searchCoachesActiveRegs}
  alt='The active registrations section to search for coaches or club staff within COMET. A red box on top highlights the registration status where all checkboxes should be unchecked. A red box on the bottom highlights form fields for Organisation and Club which should also be left blank.'
/>

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 entries per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

<Image
  src={searchCoachesResults}
  alt='The search results after searching for a coach or staff member within COMET. A red box highlights the fields where you can narrow your search further: ID, Name, Date of Birth, and Club'
/>

If the coach or staff member you're looking to register comes up in your search results, click on their name to go to their person page, and skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET club officials](#the-searched-club-official-is-already-in-comet). Otherwise continue on to register a new official to COMET and your club.

## Register an official to your club

After searching whether a team official exists in COMET or not, you can move on to registering them.

### The searched club official is not in COMET

If a club official isn't in COMET, you'll be registering them into the system for the first time. Under the **Coaches and Staff** tab, click on **New coach** or **New club staff**, depending on who you are registering, in the left sidebar.

<Image
  src={newCoachRegistration}
  alt='The left navigation bar in COMET. Two red boxes highlight the buttons to create a new coach or new club staff member'
/>

A form will open up where you can enter your club official's information. Any form fields with red labels are mandatory, while the rest are optional.

<Image
  src={newCoachFormLeft}
  alt='The first half of the coach registration form'
/>

<Image
  src={newCoachFormRight}
  alt='The second half of the coach registration form'
/>

:::tip

- For **National ID**, put the identification ID from your governing body (for Ontario Soccer, that is their SEOS number).
- Enter full names in the **Family** and **First Name** fields, but enter the club official's preferred name under **Common Name**. For example, the common name of David Wayne Hoilett Jr. is **Junior Hoilett**.
- **Passport #** is required by Canada Soccer, but we understand that not everyone will have a passport. Use something like a driver's licence or health card, and include an acronym in front of the number (something like `DL1234567890` for a driver's licence).
- This will be the best time to include a coach or club official's headshot. Click on **Choose image** to upload a photo per your league's specifications in the manual.

:::

Before you save, you will also need to fill out the active registrations section at the bottom.

<Image
  src={newCoachActiveRegs}
  alt='The active registrations form when adding a new club official to a club on COMET.'
/>

:::tip

- If your club isn't automatically in the field, use the magnifying glass button to search for your club.
- Ensure that the **organisation** is also your club's governing body (Alberta Soccer, BC Soccer, or Ontario Soccer).
- Ensure that the discipline is **football** and not anything else.
- Enter the current date in the **Date From** field (if this changes we will let you know).

:::

Once you have successfully saved and submitted the club official, wait for approval from the league to confirm the registration. After that, you club official will be available in your competitions.

### The searched club official is already in COMET

If the coach or staff member you searched for is already in the COMET system, click on their name to go to their person page. Under active registrations, click on **New Registration**.

import newRegistrationExistingCoach from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/new-registration-existing-coach.webp';

<Image
  src={newRegistrationExistingCoach}
  alt='The active registration section of an existing coach in COMET. A red box highlights the New Registration button where you can register a coach to your club.'
/>

In the new registration page, ensure that the club listed in the form is your club, the discipline is **Football**, the registration type is the person's position for the club and the **Date from** is the current date. After you are done, click on **Save** to submit the registration.

:::note

There is a dropdown menu at the top of the person's profile to view them as different roles, such as **Player**, **Coach**, or **Staff**. Make sure you view the person's profile as the role you intend to register them as.

Coach would consist of **Head Coach**, **Assistant Coach**, **Goalkeeper Coach**, **Physical Trainer**, and **Athletic Trainer**.

Staff would consist of **Doctor**, **Physiotherapist**, **Team Manager**, and **Equpiment Manager**.

import viewAs from '@assets/registrations/team-officials/view-as.webp';

<Image
  src={viewAs}
  alt="A person's profile page in COMET with a red box highlight a dropdown menu where you can select the role you want to view the person as. Options include Player, Coach, Staff, Official, Referee, and Referee assessor."
/>

:::

Wait for approval from the governing body, and then the coach or staff member should be available for competitions.
