src/content/docs/team-officials/registering-players.mdx, before:

---
title: Registering players
---

Overview text goes here

:::note

Player registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a player is already in COMET

To maintain player history and prevent duplicates of the same player, we start by searching for the player.

Click on the players tab in the left sidebar to open a list of more options, and click on "Search" to open up the console on another page.

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a player. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

:::note

Keep in mind if you search by name, accents will affect your results.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" because those would limit to your search to only within that organization or club (for example, you would use that only to search for players with registrations in Ontario Soccer).

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 players per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

If the player you're looking to register comes up in your search results, skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET players](#the-searched-player-is-already-in-comet)

## Register a player to your club

placeholder text

### The searched player is not in COMET

### The searched player is already in COMET

Commit message:

Add screenshots with alt text for player searching

src/content/docs/team-officials/registering-players.mdx, after:

---
title: Registering players
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets'
import searchSidebar from '@assets/search-sidebar.webp'
import searchPlayer from '@assets/search-player.webp'
import searchActiveRegistrations from '@assets/search-active-registrations.webp'
import searchResults from '@assets/search-results.webp'

In this guide, we will cover searching for players within COMET, and registering both existing and new COMET players to your club.

:::note

Player registration can only be done on the web application, not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Search if a player is already in COMET

To maintain player history and prevent duplicates of the same player, we start by searching for the player.

### Finding the search console

Click on the players tab in the left sidebar to open a list of more options, and click on "Search" to open up the console on another page as highlighted in the red box of the image below.

<Image src={searchSidebar} alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the COMET web application. A red box highlights the sidebar where the Players tab and Search Players console resides.' />

### Using the search form

From here, you can use the form to help narrow your search for a player. While any of the fields can be used and are optional, I recommend searching by family name, first name, and/or date of birth.

<Image src={searchPlayer} alt='The form to search for players within COMET. A red box highlights key form fields: Family Name, First Name, and Date of Birth' />

:::tip

If a player has accented characters in their name, try searching with and without them when using name search.

:::

In the active registrations section under the search form, I also suggest clicking the X beside "Organisation" and "Club" to leave those fields because those would limit to your search to only within that governing body or club (for example, you would use that to only search for players with registrations in Ontario Soccer). Include the organisation and/or club only if you know the player has existed in COMET before.

<Image src={searchActiveRegistrations} alt='The active registrations section to search for players within COMET. A red box highlights key form fields: Organisation and Club' />

Results will pop up if there are any, usually 10 players per page. You can further narrow your search results by typing in the box above each column.

<Image src={searchResults} alt='The search results after searching for a player within COMET. A red box highlights the fields where you can narrow your search further: ID, Name, Date of Birth, and Club' />

If the player you're looking to register comes up in your search results, skip over to the section on [registering existing COMET players](#the-searched-player-is-already-in-comet)

## Register a player to your club

Coming soon

### The searched player is not in COMET

Coming soon

### The searched player is already in COMET

Coming soon
