src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Welcome to COMET
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: League1 Ontario's new competition management system
  image:
    file: ../../assets/l1on-logo.webp
  actions:
    - text: Go to COMET web for desktop
      link: https://comet.canadasoccer.com/
      icon: external
      variant: primary
    - text: Download COMET Football for mobile
      link: /guides/example/
      icon: document
---

import { LinkCard, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Learn about COMET through your role

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard
    title='Team Official'
    description='Edit `src/content/docs/index.mdx` to see this page change.'
    href='team-officials/placeholder'
  />
  <LinkCard
    title='Referee'
    description='Edit `src/content/docs/index.mdx` to see this page change.'
    href='referees/placeholder'
  />
  <LinkCard
    title='Match Day Coordinator'
    description='Edit `src/content/docs/index.mdx` to see this page change.'
    href='mdocs/placeholder'
  />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

Change theme to match League1 Canada colours

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Welcome to COMET
description: Get started building your docs site with Starlight.
template: splash
hero:
  tagline: League1 Canada's competition management system
  image:
    alt: League1 Canada logo
    dark: ../../assets/L1C-dark-full.webp
    light: ../../assets/L1C-light-full.webp
  actions:
    - text: Get started
      link: /guides/getting-started
      icon: right-arrow
      variant: primary
---

import { LinkCard, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Quick links

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard
    title='Head to the documentation'
    description='Learn more about using COMET to manage your club and matches'
    href='/guides/getting-started'
  />
  <LinkCard
    title='Login to the web app'
    description='To register players, coaches, and officals, and manage match operations from your computer'
    href='https://comet.canadasoccer.com/'
    target='_blank'
  />
  <LinkCard
    title='Download the iOS app'
    description='Manage your match operations on COMET Football by Analyticom on the App Store'
    href='https://apps.apple.com/me/app/comet-football/id1568506776'
    target='_blank'
  />
  <LinkCard
    title='Download the Android app'
    description='Manage your match operations on COMET Football by Analyticom.de on the Google Play Store'
    href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.analyticom.newCometMobile'
    target='_blank'
  />
</CardGrid>
