src/content/docs/club-operations/club-uniforms.mdx, before:

---
title: Modifying club uniforms
description: A guide on adding, editing, and deleting club uniforms
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import sidebarMyClub from '@assets/club-ops/kits/sidebar-my-club.webp';
import clubAddKits from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-add-kits.webp';
import clubKitDetails from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kit-details.webp';
import clubAddKitPhoto from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-add-kit-photo.webp';
import clubKitDocuments from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kits-documents.webp';
import clubKitUpload from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kit-upload.webp';

In this guide, we will cover adding, editing, and deleting club uniforms.

:::note

Club uniform operations can only be done on the web application, and not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Find your club page

To go to your club's main page, click on the **Clubs** tab in the left sidebar, and click on **My Club**.

<Image
  src={sidebarMyClub}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the navigation bar in COMET. A red box highlights the My Club button under the Clubs tab'
/>

## Adding a club uniform

On your club page, click on the **Team Kits** tab below the club information. From there, click on the **Add** button to create a new uniform.

<Image
  src={clubAddKits}
  alt='The team kits section of the club page. A red box on the right side highlights the tab to open the section, and a red box on the left side highlights a button to add a new uniform'
/>

### Selecting the uniform design and colours

Select your kit type in the dropdown (home, away, other, or goalkeeper) and the pattern/colours. Click on the **Save** button when you are finished.

<Image
  src={clubKitDetails}
  alt='The club kit details form where you can select kit type, pattern, and colours.'
/>

### Attaching a photo of the uniform (optional?)

To add a photo or rendering of your club's uniform, click on the **Picture** button in the team kits section to upload a file.

<Image
  src={clubAddKitPhoto}
  alt='The team kits section of a club in COMET. A red box highlights the Picture button where you can upload a photo of the uniform'
/>

Click on the button with a plus sign to upload a new file connected with the selected club uniform.

<Image
  src={clubKitDocuments}
  alt='The documents screen where you can view photos connected to club uniforms. A red box highlights the button to add a new photo'
/>

In the upload form, you can optionally add a description, and drag and drop a file into the dotted box to upload the file (you can also click on **Choose** to find the file in your filesystem).

<Image
  src={clubKitUpload}
  alt='The form to upload a file connected to a club uniform. In this form there is a text area for a description, and a drag and drop area for the file'
/>

Commit message:

Write content for adding and editing club kits

src/content/docs/club-operations/club-uniforms.mdx, after:

---
title: Modifying club uniforms
description: A guide on adding, editing, and deleting club uniforms
---

import { Image } from 'astro:assets';
import sidebarMyClub from '@assets/club-ops/kits/sidebar-my-club.webp';
import clubAddKits from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-add-kits.webp';
import clubKitDetails from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kit-details.webp';
import clubAddKitPhoto from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-add-kit-photo.webp';
import clubKitDocuments from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kits-documents.webp';
import clubKitUpload from '@assets/club-ops/kits/club-kit-upload.webp';

In this guide, we will cover adding, editing, and deleting club uniforms.

:::note

Club uniform operations can only be done on the web application, and not through the mobile apps on iOS and Android.

:::

## Find your club page

To go to your club's main page, click on the **Clubs** tab in the left sidebar, and click on **My Club**.

<Image
  src={sidebarMyClub}
  alt='A zoomed-in screenshot of the navigation bar in COMET. A red box highlights the My Club button under the Clubs tab'
/>

## Adding and editing a club uniform

On your club page, click on the **Team Kits** tab below the club information. From there, click on the **Add** button to create a new uniform.

:::note

Make sure you are on your parent club page, and not a specific team page within the parent club.

:::

<Image
  src={clubAddKits}
  alt='The team kits section of the club page. A red box on the right side highlights the tab to open the section, and a red box on the left side highlights a button to add a new uniform'
/>

### Selecting the uniform design and colours

Select your kit type in the dropdown (home, away, other, or goalkeeper) and the pattern/colours. Click on the **Save** button when you are finished. **Do not use the _Save As ACTIVE_ button**.

<Image
  src={clubKitDetails}
  alt='The club kit details form where you can select kit type, pattern, and colours.'
/>

:::tip

You can add multiple versions of the same uniform with different variations. For example, you can add your home uniform twice but changing the colour of socks to have different home uniform options.

:::

Once saved, you can click on the **Edit** button and repeat the process above if you want to modify any uniforms.

### Attaching a photo of the uniform (optional?)

To add a photo or rendering of your club's uniform, click on the **Picture** button in the team kits section to upload a file.

<Image
  src={clubAddKitPhoto}
  alt='The team kits section of a club in COMET. A red box highlights the Picture button where you can upload a photo of the uniform'
/>

Click on the button with a plus sign to upload a new file connected with the selected club uniform.

<Image
  src={clubKitDocuments}
  alt='The documents screen where you can view photos connected to club uniforms. A red box highlights the button to add a new photo'
/>

In the upload form, you can optionally add a description, and drag and drop a file into the dotted box to upload the file (you can also click on **Choose** to find the file in your filesystem).

<Image
  src={clubKitUpload}
  alt='The form to upload a file connected to a club uniform. In this form there is a text area for a description, and a drag and drop area for the file'
/>

## Deactivating club uniforms

:::note

We're still working on updating the documentation, and something will be here shortly!

:::
